# smallartistexceptionlicense

It should be no secret that I am not a big fan of the "Free" Software Foundation and it's bullshit attempts at hijacking the word free and shoehorning their own stupid definintion into everyones' mouths. Paid or otherwise for profit open source software should be an oxymoron. Attempting to be neutral between community benefit and corporate profits as the FSF does only enables the oppressor (capitalism). Free means free, as in free beer. Who the fuck sees the word free and thinks "ah, liberty". I have long released my work under the Creative Commons BY-NC-SA license, which is in my opinion the only free license avaliable. However while I may disagree in principle with the idea of small businesses (and their subsequent usage as justification for how capitalism should be. to be clear, capitalism shouldn't BE), I do acknowledge that reasonable praxis is required, and thus may be the only solution for survival in our current society for many artists and creatives. There truely is no rest for the wicked. In short, I have added a few modifications to the CC BY-NC-SA license in order to permit limited useage of my works for profit, with the intention that such profits are for supporting the creatives and their immediate community. My addendum is rather short, so please read it to ensure compliance. I don't expect to ever enforce this license (you'd have to be really egregious for me to notice) however I do ask you consider the intent of this license before determining if you're violating it or not. There are plenty of open source projects that allow for unlimited commercial use, go use those. 

By the way, the Small Artist Exception License itself is released under the Small Artist Exception License. Licenseception??
